# Code-challenge Project Content

**Description**
-----
 The project consists of 4 packages as the following:
 * BusinessHandlers: this contains Business login and Business steps for Test cases and interacting with page object class.
 * TajawalPages: this contains the page object model for test classes.
 * TajawalTest: this contains Two Test Runs classes (TajawalTestCucamber,TajawalTestSeleniumTestNG) to run the project using BDD or TestNG.
 * runner: this contains TestRunners_test class to be used by BDD
 
 BasePage.java class:
 * contains the common variable,methods used by most of classes.
 
 The TajawalTest package consists of 5 classes:
 * CSV: to handle writing .CSV file
 * JSONDataProvider: to read the test data from .json file 
 * Setup: to initiate the driver and open the URL.
 * TajawalTestCucamber: to run the project using BDD
 * TajawalTestSeleniumTestNG: to run the project using selenium TestNG
 
 The resources files consists of 6 types:
 * log4j.properties: this is a log4J configuration file.
 * TajawalTestSeleniumTestNG.json: this is a test data file.
 * Test.feature: feature file used be BDD and TestRunners_test class to run the project with Junit.
 * pom.xml: contains maven dependencies used by the other classes.
 * regression-suite.xml: to Run the project with testNG.
 * drivers: this contains the drivers used by test
 
 The output files consists of 4 types:
 * test-output: contains the test report generated by testNG.
 * log.log: contains logs from log4J
 * screenshots/screenShot.JPEG: this is a screenshot from test.
 * PricList.csv: the .csv file contains the price list from the test.
 
 
**Configuration before Running**
----
 
 * From regression-suite.xml add the values of browser,URL,DriverName.
 * The drivers should be under src/main/resources/drivers path in the project.
 * For Mac OX the driver should be executable via comand line chmod +x "Driver path"
 

**How to run?**
----
* Import the project as Existing Maven Project
* Right click to udpate the maven dependencies.

To run with selenium TestNG:
* Open TajawalTestSeleniumTestNG.java and make all tests enabled="true"
* Right Click on regression-suite.xml and select run as TestNG

To run with BDD JUnit:
Open TajawalTestSeleniumTestNG.java and make all tests enabled="true"
* Right Click on TajawalTestCucamber and select run as JUnit
 
The solution include:
* Logging using log4j.
* WebDriver factory.
* Json: This used to parse the json test data file.
* Configurator:
     * Run tests in parallel mode through testNG xml file;
     * Ability to run tests for different browsers/urls by configuring in the xml.
     * Ability to run tests for different os by making it generic by changing the (DriverName).
     
* Reading test data from file TajawalTestSeleniumTestNG.

**Libraries/Plugins used**
-------------------
* Selenium: To initiate the driver and deal with the web elements.
* Log4j: Used for logging.
* Testng: Used for test annotations , asserting on the results and parallel execution with Selenium.
* Junit: Used for test annotations , asserting on the results with BDD.
* Action: to execute the mouse hover command
* Random: to generate random variables.
* List: to handle list.
* ArrayList: to handle array list.

**Note** The BDD runs only one test case and with chrome browser as i don't have much time to learn more about the BDD and as the previous discussion this is my first try to Write a BDD test.